i am angela dollar i am since over
14 years full-time dog trainer
and I would like to invite you
job description also for one
exercise
Basically, this happens to 100 coaches
is a very patient and flexible
man he must be able to do
expertise competent and
generally understandable
can
with the other hand lure nothing is allowed
to take him out of his sleep
i am also a dog trainer i am
for ten years full-time in
active in this field of work my name is
Your flowers and I like to give them
few facts about this job
dog trainer
a trainer has to be very diverse on the
Customer requirements are there
this whole problem with the the
Customers come to you very much
individual is the empathy
a dog trainer is opposite the
pet owner and of course the animal
is also immensely important because you are there
Whole responsibility contributes to that
to teach man how to deal with it
to avoid the animal
the daily routine begins with the
Office work with the planning of the groups
and also the single dates where you are there
just stop a little the driving times
must take into account and just stop that
arrival and departure of the groups
not only the personal but also
the temporal flexibility in dealing with
The human and dog teams are from
crucial importance a high
measure of communicative properties and
Of course, that's a willingness
to use entertainment as an instrument
is one of them
The learned can be very fast in the
practice are implemented on the one hand
own dogs and on the other just by
active working on the dog human
teams well-being and learning
the animal is very well in tune
because you through the
Philosophy requires a non-violent
education and also a pain and
Foster fearless dog training
becomes
the exchange with colleagues of
Dog trainer is very important to me
gets new impulses you get new ones
ideas and that is guaranteed at
through membership in vgt
The dog trainer should always be a good one
acceptable animal welfare legally
proper philosophy is his own
can also call a little bit
Idealism necessarily belongs to the
really set goals
Achieving is aspiration and a very
good personal organization
essential
the job of the dog trainer
not only does that really include them
great hours with the dogs and in the
groups but you also carry a lot
very great responsibility towards the
animal and of course the opposite
People
this should be on a dog trainer
works in any case because it can be quite
sometimes even the pants go something
from the experience knows that
one very many dogs from another
dog schools meets or gets back
The then in there not so treated
were as it should be
for this reason is the choice of
training is very good
as a basic trainer with my whole
I can give experience to anyone
dog trainer or dog trainer only ans
heart set a really sound and
to make a good education at atm
because this education ensures that
they are the armor and the foundation for
a good and successful job
to have